fix: Address GitHub issues (#2633)
dfinity/portal: docs/developer-docs/backend/rust/4-quickstart.mdx

Then, verify that the call to the `rust_hello_backend` canister `greet` function returns a text message `("Hello, world!")`.

## Stopping the local canister execution environment

> After testing the application, you can stop the local replicaso that it doesn’t continue running in the background.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After testing the application, you can stop the local replica so that it doesn’t continue running in the background.
```

> To stop the local replicarunning on your computer, run the following command:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To stop the local replica running on your computer, run the following command:
```
